Add documentation (#54)
openshift/gcp-project-operator: docs/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

This document provides useful information for common errors and their remedies:

## Run without CRD applied

### Command

```zsh
$ operator-sdk run --local --namespace gcp-project-operator
```

### Error Message

```golang
"kubebuilder.source","msg":"if kind is a CRD, it should be installed before calling Start"
panic: no matches for kind "ProjectClaim" in version "gcp.managed.openshift.io/v1alpha1"

goroutine 1 [running]:
main.main()
        FATA[0001] Failed to run operator locally: failed to run operator locally: failed to exec []string{"build/_output/bin/gcp-project-operator-local"}: exit status 2 
```

### Explanation

> This error message means you have started running the the operator locally without having the ProjectClaim custom resource definition applied in the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error message means you have started running the operator locally without having the ProjectClaim custom resource definition applied in the Kubernetes cluster.
```

> As a result, kubernetes (and GCP Operator in extend) does not know what a ProjectClaim is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, kubernetes (and, by extension, the GCP Operator) does not know what a ProjectClaim is.
```
